README.md, before:

## gameapi_util
A simple Python script to assist with managing RSDKv5/U projects.

![Screenshot of the main interface](/screenshots/main.png)

## Dependencies

urwid is used for the console interface. It can be installed using:
```
pip install urwid
```

## Default Functions

- **Update All.cpp/All.hpp & CMake Project**
  - This function generates `All.cpp` & `All.hpp` includes and `Objects.cmake`.
  - Forward declarations are included in the header.

- **Generate public functions**
  - This function generates `PublicFunctions.hpp`. Entity events are not included.

- **Create new object**
  - Creates a new object in the specified directory.
  - After creation, you can optionally run `project_update` to generate new `All.cpp` and `All.hpp` files.

## gameapi_util_cfg
`gameapi_util_cfg.py` is used for configuring various things, such as the path to your objects directory. Many options are available:
```
GAME_PATH        = "src"
OBJECT_PATH_NAME = "Objects"
ALL_CODE_NAME    = "All.cpp"
ALL_HEADER_NAME  = "All.hpp"
GAMEAPI_INC_PATH = "Game.hpp"
PUB_FNS_PATH     = "PublicFunctions.hpp"
OBJECT_NAMESPACE = "GameLogic"

# cmake configuration
CMAKE_PATH = "Objects.cmake"
GAME_NAME  = "${GAME_NAME}" # The game directory to look into

OBJECT_PATH = f"{GAME_PATH}/{OBJECT_PATH_NAME}"
ALL_CPP_PATH = f"{OBJECT_PATH}/{ALL_CODE_NAME}"
ALL_HPP_PATH = f"{GAME_PATH}/{ALL_HEADER_NAME}"
```

You can also extend the main menu with the `init` function. For example:
```
def init(app_in):
    global app
    app = app_in

    app.add_option('Validate Objects', ens_obj_valid)
    app.add_option('Check Status', do_status_check)
# init -> (app_in)
```

![Screenshot of the main interface, after being extended by gameapi_util_cfg.py](/screenshots/main_extended.png)

Commit message:

Remove ALL_CPP_PATH/ALL_HPP_PATH from cfg (see new implementation), README formatting

README.md, after:

## gameapi_util
A simple Python script to assist with managing RSDKv5/U projects.

![Screenshot of the main interface](/screenshots/main.png)

## Dependencies

urwid is used for the console interface. It can be installed using:
```
pip install urwid
```

## Default Functions

- **Update All.cpp/All.hpp & CMake Project**
  - This function generates `All.cpp` & `All.hpp` includes and `Objects.cmake`.
  - Forward declarations are included in the header.

- **Generate public functions**
  - This function generates `PublicFunctions.hpp`. Entity events are not included.

- **Create new object**
  - Creates a new object in the specified directory.
  - After creation, you can optionally run `project_update` to generate new `All.cpp` and `All.hpp` files.

## Configuration
To get started, copy an example configuration, tweak it to your needs, and rename the file to `gameapi_util_config.py`.

**Available options for C++**
```py
GAME_PATH        = "src"
OBJECT_PATH_NAME = "Objects"
ALL_CODE_NAME    = "All.cpp"
ALL_HEADER_NAME  = "All.hpp"
GAMEAPI_INC_PATH = "Game.hpp"
PUB_FNS_PATH     = "PublicFunctions.hpp"
OBJECT_NAMESPACE = "GameLogic"

# cmake configuration
CMAKE_PATH = "Objects.cmake"
GAME_NAME  = "${GAME_NAME}" # The game directory to look into

OBJECT_PATH = f"{GAME_PATH}/{OBJECT_PATH_NAME}"
ALL_CPP_PATH = f"{OBJECT_PATH}/{ALL_CODE_NAME}"
ALL_HPP_PATH = f"{GAME_PATH}/{ALL_HEADER_NAME}"
```

## Extending the main menu
You can extend the main menu with the `init` function of your configuration file. For example:
```
def init(app_in):
    global app
    app = app_in

    app.add_option('Validate Objects', ens_obj_valid)
    app.add_option('Check Status', do_status_check)
# init -> (app_in)
```

![Screenshot of the main interface, after being extended by gameapi_util_cfg.py](/screenshots/main_extended.png)
